feat: add PXI route info tool (#13591)
Arize-ai/phoenix: .agents/skills/phoenix-frontend/SKILL.md

After visual changes, use `agent-browser` to verify the UI looks correct. When modifying a shared component, check its usages across the app.

## Route Metadata

> When adding, removing, renaming, or materially changing what a page contains, update the route's `handle.agentRoute` metadata in `app/src/Routes.tsx` if PXI should be able to link users to that destination. Keep metadata small and search-oriented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding, removing, renaming, or materially changing what a page contains, update the route's `handle.agentRoute` metadata in `app/src/Routes.tsx` if an assistant agent should be able to link users to that destination. Keep metadata small and search-oriented:
```

- `label`: human page name.
- `description`: concise page purpose based on what the page now contains.

> - `keywords`: user phrases PXI might hear when looking for that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keywords`: user phrases an agent might consider when looking for that page.
```
